Replaced Twitter references in the docs with more appropriate alternatives (#12516). Fix #12483 (#12516)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/advanced_topics/third_party_tutorials.md

## Tip

We are working on a collection of Wagtail tutorials and best practices.

> Please share your Wagtail HOWTOs, development notes, or site launches in the [#watercooler](https://wagtailcms.slack.com/archives/C014L7KJH3N) channel on Slack, or feel free to reach out directly via [email](mailto:hello@wagtail.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please share your Wagtail HOWTOs, development notes, or site launches in the [Wagtail Slack workspace](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail/wiki/Slack) in #watercooler, or feel free to reach out directly via [email](mailto:hello@wagtail.org).
```

That link is correct but will only work for people who are already on the Slack. I think it’ll be better for us to link to the page about joining the Slack.
